add new code of conduct (#388)
ropensci/roweb2: content/code-of-conduct.md

- publication of non-harassing private communication

We prioritize marginalized people's safety over privileged people's comfort. We will not act on complaints regarding:

- 'reverse' -isms, including 'reverse racism,' 'reverse sexism,' and 'cisphobia'
- reasonable communication of boundaries, such as "leave me alone," "go away," or "I'm not discussing this with you"
- communicating in a 'tone' you don't find congenial
- criticizing racist, sexist, cissexist, or otherwise oppressive behavior or assumptions

If anyone engages in harassing behavior, the Committee will take action that may include warning the offender or asking them to leave an event or an online channel either temporarily or permanently, or seeking help from law enforcement.

This Code of Conduct applies to all people participating in the rOpenSci community, including rOpenSci staff and leadership. It applies to all modes of interaction online including GitHub project repositories, the rOpenSci discussion forum, Slack, Community Calls, and in person at rOpenSci-hosted events or events officially endorsed by rOpenSci, including social gatherings affiliated with the event.

### Reporting Guidelines

> The rOpenSci Code of Conduct Committee includes [Stefanie Butland](/about/#team) (rOpenSci Community Manager), [Scott Chamberlain](/about/#team) (rOpenSci Co-founder and Technical Lead) and [Kara Woo](https://karawoo.com/) (independent community member).

Author: ```suggestion
The rOpenSci Code of Conduct Committee includes [Stefanie Butland](/authors/stefanie-butland) (rOpenSci Community Manager), [Scott Chamberlain](/authors/scott-chamberlain) (rOpenSci Co-founder and Technical Lead) and [Kara Woo](https://karawoo.com/) (independent community member).
```

The Code of Conduct Committee will investigate and decide responses to reports with the aim of making a decision and implementing enforcement as soon as is reasonably possible. We are committed to transparency with our community while upholding the privacy of victims. We will publish brief, anonymized summaries of incidents on the [forum](https://discuss.ropensci.org/c/conduct) in a dedicated, read-only category, and will publish on the rOpenSci blog an annual transparency report.

We welcome your feedback by email to `conduct@ropensci.org`, and we thank you for working with us to make rOpenSci a safe, enjoyable, friendly and enriching experience for everyone who participates.

#### License and Credits

> The rOpenSci Code of Conduct has been influenced by and adapted from many sources including the [Open Source and Feelings talk](https://youtu.be/nizfHxg8y3o) by [Audrey Eschright](http://lifeofaudrey.com/), the R Consortium R Community Diversity and Inclusion Working Group's draft [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/RConsortium/RCDI-WG/tree/master/conduct/code-of-conduct.md), the [Geek Feminism anti-harassment policy](http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Community_anti-harassment/Policy), and our own Community Call: [How do I create a Code of Conduct for my event/lab/codebase?](/commcalls/2016-12-15/)

Author: ```suggestion
The rOpenSci Code of Conduct has been influenced by and adapted from many sources including the [Open Source and Feelings talk](https://youtu.be/nizfHxg8y3o) by [Audrey Eschright](http://lifeofaudrey.com/), the R Consortium R Community Diversity and Inclusion Working Group's draft [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/RConsortium/RCDI-WG/blob/0ca0a91dccc9296ff53a5806f52a2a49dbb8850d/conduct/code-of-conduct.md), the [Geek Feminism anti-harassment policy](http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Community_anti-harassment/Policy), and our own Community Call: [How do I create a Code of Conduct for my event/lab/codebase?](/commcalls/2016-12-15/)
```

> The rOpenSci Code of Conduct has been influenced by and adapted from many sources including the [Open Source and Feelings talk](https://youtu.be/nizfHxg8y3o) by [Audrey Eschright](http://lifeofaudrey.com/), the R Consortium R Community Diversity and Inclusion Working Group's draft [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/RConsortium/RCDI-WG/tree/master/conduct/code-of-conduct.md), the [Geek Feminism anti-harassment policy](http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Community_anti-harassment/Policy), and our own Community Call: [How do I create a Code of Conduct for my event/lab/codebase?](https://ropensci.org/blog/2016/12/21/commcallv12-review-coc/)

Author: commited thank you
